Hey buddy, I can't believe you still like this tune.
He's a killer.
Except for the assassins.
That's too bad.
Looking so beautiful to be an assassin is not even as obedient as coming to serve me.
I absolutely can't be without you.
I can t believe that your taste is so unique.
Master, it's me.
Just one characteristic.
Likes you and is beautiful.
Hey.
Just because you want to talk to the Shen brothers?
Give me your dog's hand, knock.
Or I'll kill him first.
And then kill you.
Hum does not self-assess
What?
Didn't you tell me to take good care of you?
Just good service again.
Give me the keys.
Or I'll kill them.
Let go!
Give him the keys.
I give up this mission.
Let me go, don't be impatient, brother, give him the keys.
I don't want to die.
I can't keep it for you
Give me the keys.